first and foremost John dressed up
perfectly to match with the new
wallpaper John this isn't me the
background ahead of time yeah how to get
ready for it I love it I love it I love
it
[Music]
yo guys what's up I'm out here testing
out the iPhone 10 whoo today is a
special day it is iPhone X pre-order day
so that means I'm going to be staying up
until 3:00 a.m. Eastern Standard Time to
hit that pre-order button it'll be so
riveting and exciting
[Music]
here we go at 310 I got in are we gonna
have the why does this hate this cart
okay so we're going to a top secret
location somewhere in New York City to
do a first impressions of the iPhone X
[Music]
so I've been using my iPhone 8 for a
while now and I am so stoked to do it
first impressions of the iPhone X
actually pulled it I've been held it yet
[Music]
I've always said for the 10th
anniversary it would be amazing to get
like a white iphone to match my watch I
would have called this close to white
it's the silver model but this makes me
so stoked I feel like it matches my
aesthetics but let's get into some of
the tech specs you have all of the
features from the back camera like
studio light portrait lighting do the
portrait mode all in the selfie camera
so let's test this out so we're gonna
start with the natural light so the cool
thing about this to take it you can
change it while you're taking the
picture or after so go and here get that
contour stick beautiful so yeah my
favorite is definitely I think studio
light it just brightens up the face
really well now you have all the
features in the portrait mode of the
back camera now in selfie mode we're
gonna take so many selfies John that's
insane
son oh that contour selfies will be
taken one of the biggest things with the
iPhone 10 is the face ID and just from
testing it it's super quick
[Music]
one of my favorite things about the
iPhone 10 is obviously the an emoji so
what this means is this true depth
camera allows you to speak like a robot
a cat a monkey a dog or probably like
Sarah what are you talking about well
let's check it out John so you can
scroll through the different and emojis
and see it's already mimicking what my
face is doing yo guys what's up I'm out
here testing out the iPhone 10 whoo okay
let's do one more
hello I am purple and pretty if you do
this fast I can do it too hello I am
purple and pretty unusual do this fast I
can do it too
[Music]
so right now I'm playing on snapchat
they are utilizing the AR kit from Apple
and the masks and these filters look so
insanely accurate and if you can see on
the mask but the light is reflecting off
of it when I move my coach all along I
thought eight-plus has been my daily
driver I have thoroughly been enjoying
this pretty gold it's been in between
the classic gold and the rose gold so I
really like this color but I'm very
excited just on the aesthetic side of
things of the iPhone 10 the size the
fact if you look at it the screen is
actually bigger than the iPhone 8 plus
and because I'm not losing screen real
estate with this but it's a smaller
phone this excites me I hope you guys
enjoy kind of first impressions of the
iPhone 10th it was super awesome to be
able to go and feel it and see how the
gestures are working
[Music]
the next step is to preorder this thing
3m John you're gonna stay up with me you
already know
[Music]